Sounds downloaded from freesound.org

bell.ogg                                                         pulsewelle
https://freesound.org/people/pulswelle/sounds/245605/

cicadas01 & cicadas02                                            burkay, mannhawks, dan_keck
https://freesound.org/people/burkay/sounds/322616/
https://freesound.org/people/mannhawks/sounds/162682/
https://freesound.org/people/dan_keck/sounds/347042/

coyote01.ogg                                                     felix.blume, dkaufman
https://freesound.org/people/felix.blume/sounds/215141/
https://freesound.org/people/dkaufman/sounds/256533/

coyote02.ogg                                                     tubbers, romancito
https://freesound.org/people/tubbers/sounds/201454/
https://freesound.org/people/romancito/sounds/353273/

crickets01.ogg                                                   thedogryan420
https://freesound.org/people/thedogryan420/sounds/146033/

crickets02.ogg                                                   samwd
https://freesound.org/people/samwd/sounds/402733/

crow.ogg
https://freesound.org/people/straget/sounds/404687/              straget

fox.ogg                                                          Simon Spiers, Setzilla
https://freesound.org/people/Simon%20Spiers/sounds/431302/
https://freesound.org/people/Setzilla/sounds/173208/

frog.ogg                                                         JohnLaVine333, GrayGaffer
https://freesound.org/people/JohnLaVine333/sounds/387887/
https://freesound.org/people/GrayGaffer/sounds/87786/

hawk.ogg                                                         UncleSigmund
https://freesound.org/people/UncleSigmund/sounds/42389/

raven01.ogg                                                      dauser
https://freesound.org/people/dauser/sounds/328846/

raven02.ogg                                                      kentdavies959
https://freesound.org/people/kentdavies959/sounds/466666/

sea01.ogg , sea02.ogg , sea03.ogg                                pulswelle
https://freesound.org/people/pulswelle/sounds/339517/

seagull01.ogg , seagull02                                        squashy555, Bansemer, Snapper4298
https://freesound.org/people/squashy555/
https://freesound.org/people/Bansemer/
https://freesound.org/people/Snapper4298/

toad.ogg                                                         felix.blume
https://freesound.org/people/felix.blume/sounds/252647/

wind.ogg
https://freesound.org/people/kangaroovindaloo/sounds/397445/     kangaroovindaloo

woodpecker.ogg                                                   loberg77
https://freesound.org/people/loberg77/sounds/394753/

wolf01.ogg                                                       Kingcornz
https://freesound.org/people/Kingcornz/sounds/378334/

wolf02.ogg                                                       killyourpepe
https://freesound.org/people/killyourpepe/sounds/395192/

loop_rain_thunder.ogg                                            pulswelle
https://freesound.org/people/pulswelle/sounds/280214/

loop_thunder.ogg                                                 nickmaysoundmusic
https://freesound.org/people/nickmaysoundmusic/sounds/513251/

loop_ethereal.ogg                                                DreStortion, InspectorJ, IanStarGem
https://freesound.org/people/DreStortion/sounds/528576/
https://freesound.org/people/InspectorJ/sounds/353194/
https://freesound.org/people/IanStarGem/sounds/273158/

geigercounter.ogg
https://freesound.org/people/cookies+policy/sounds/555929/       cookies+policy

The sounds were trimmed and/or mixed with other sounds under the same license. Some were edited into a loop to be usable in the game.
